Why come here? The torrent has started already and many other southern villages surely draw the interest of bandits.
However, the Court has since explained that the Rust counseling activities amounted to governmental speech, sustaining view
Once darkness falls, the water in the bay is filled with luminescent micro-organisms that glow when agitated.
And what about floods in North Dakota and Iowa or fires in Oakland, Calif., and Daytona Beach, Fla.?
For example, desktop platforms and software vary among business units depending on the unique needs of each business area.
The view of the illuminated mont at night is spectacular from the other side of the bay.
Alternative Fiscal Policy Simulations (2000-2075) 86 Figure 4.3:Composition of Federal Spending as a Share of GDP
My favorite strip was when Lucy fell ill and sent Rerun to hold the football for Charlie Brown.
It's a pleasant one-hour drive from Paris and there are regular train departures from the Gare de Montparnasse.
She has been leaning on the Met to find a more intimate venue for her projects.
ever since Akeem changed his uh first name to Hakeem  he added the H to the front
Two of my brothers still smoke, although both would press the magic button and quit tomorrow if they could.
The little brown kid never once looked me in the eye, nor spoke a word to my face.
In the Place Saint-Michel students buy textbooks and stationery, and linger around the ornate Second Empire fountain.
OMB also informed us that generally Regulation X matters had been designated major rules under Executive Order 12291.
Due to their limited staff and budget, LSSM can only serve a fraction of those who need legal representation.
The gallery offers a popular free concert series, the Sundays at Noon concerts (not held in July and August).
Jamaicans say that Negril isn't a place it's  a state of mind  where almost anything goes.
Table 4.1 highlights some tax provisions aimed at encouraging saving for retirement, buying homes, and investing in education.
Or he hasn't really thought it through, which itself would cast doubt on the depth of his faith.
and uh around here on the uh east coast uh we were heavy into affirmative action
Lefkes village occupies high ground in the interior, and its narrow streets are perfect places to explore.
That is, the Challenger inquiry could be seen as similar to a case study in some ways.
An alternative approach might be to schedule outages to avoid any outage during high electricity demand periods.
An example is computerized edit checks built into the system to review the format, existence, and reasonableness of data.
The Counselas assertion that the phrase aexisting law- is limited to statutes and excludes the Constitution is unsupported.
a small patch where there was no color, and yet the sky there was not black.
If you want to be sure of not catching sight of anything risqu??, follow the local people.
As a result, some lower-class whites no longer felt singled out to carry the burden of integration.
As I understand it, the war between Iraq and the United States, begun in 1991, has not yet ended.
While transaction processing will always exist, it does not have to drain the finance organization's resources.
Beyond Aoshima the picturesque, winding Nichinan coast alternates rugged cliffs with some fine sandy bathing beaches.
The entrance to the mosque is through a door at the east wall above the temple complex.
A great many embroidered, items, including tablecloths and napkins, are all over Portugal especially at street markets.
Its spacious grounds are a magnificent example of the strolling gardens favored during the Edo period.
and it had a nice little area inside that course it gave you shelter and everything
Behind me, the carriage doors are forced open and five men in body armour burst in.
have you seen that that that's a good i think that's just a cute real cute movie
Organized walks are usually offered on Fridays; check with the Christian Information Centre inside Jaffa Gate.
The hotel's twin towers, located at the Diamond Head end of Waikiki, are a block from Kuhio Beach.
um that was the most historic weather day in recorded history for severe weather in the country
The facts are that the PRC gets involved in only appeals of closings and then for only 120 days.
thing was one here recently we saw at Christmas time um God i haven't been in a movie since
Among local meat specialities is gazpachos (with a final s to distinguish it from the chilled soup).
Our use of REIMS II data as a proxy for this distribution appears plausible, but no more.
This, in turn, would inspire Greece to intervene to restore order and protect the Greek minority in Macedonia.
More importantly, it reminds us that racial identity is utterly malleable--and that racial essence is utterly artificial.
They were in the barn now and Slim saw the large cage suspended from a hook in the roof.
The coppersmith will also be happy to make items to order, or to engrave your purchase.
It stretches around bays and rocky inlets from Olbia in the east to the promontory of La Maddalena.
A privileged few get in to see the ceremonial dining room's fabulous frescoes by Annibale Carracci.
Knowledge, attitudes, and reported practices of medical students and house staff regarding the diagnosis and treatment of alcoholism.
yeah it's that's a tough one to play i i used to play it when i was younger but
well it's like you said though sometimes people just get caught up in it innocently but
The site, of course, will still be available, including all current contents, The Compost, and The Fray.
you know you're exercising oh and we started the bench aerobics too i don't know if you've seen that
Also north of Kyoto is the rural enclave of Ohara, home to the magnificent temple complex of Sanzen'in.
well the other thing i can think of is uh what is still going on in Iraq
South of Grizedale are a number of interesting attractions that you can reach by car or by lake ferry.
It is thought to have been used as a temple, and dates back to around 100 b.c.
After years of neglect it was restored, beginning in the mid-1970s, and opened to the public in 1984.
yeah well that was uh that was a short stroke engine it could really wind up
Tastefully refurbished, it can once again claim to be one of the finest avenues in the world.
Halfway down the west side of the green is the massive Georgian Royal College of Surgeons, built in 1806.
The diving and snorkeling opportunities along the reef wall here are said to be the best in Jamaica.
It is necessarily a sloppy process that injects another arbitrary standard into an already arbitrary decision-making process.
1 This report presents the trend in the personal saving rate as measured on a NIPA basis.
I'm not saying that Asia's economies were fundamentally sound, that this was a completely unnecessary crisis.
In art historical terms, he flattened the picture plane, emptied it, and then had nowhere to go.
He was the opposite of his brother in almost every respect, being unusually shy and reserved. 
well it goes all through the state it goes all through the state supreme court system before they're
and that i couldn't watch and but you know you could tell when it was coming
I e-mailed back asking for a more specific URL, and they wrote back, Look around there.
A-11-the basic instructions for preparing the President's Budget-to underscore the essential link between GPRA and the budget process.
Newsweek excerpts the forthcoming memoir of former Air Force bomber pilot Kelly Flinn, who was discharged for adultery.
OMB also informed us that generally Regulation X matters had been designated major rules under Executive Order 12291.
The hubbub of New Orleans was too much for them and they settled into the surrounding countryside.
He/she could strike them broadly from behind, and the moment they turned around to retaliate... It was a slaughter.
The rationale for the job is bolstering each individual state's revenue, not the national pooled aggregrate.
The Washington Post 's front-page story notes, Gore has gone to great lengths to conceal Wolf's role.
According to LSC, a grantee in that position could argue as well that an agency policy violated existing law.
there's a uh a couple called um oh i'm going to forgot his name now uh Dirkson
Delivery confirmation provide more information quicker at less cost to both the Postal Service and the customer!
Turow's book arrived in three days from both Borders and Politics and Prose, in plenty of time before Christmas.
LSC grantees consist of hundreds of local organizations governed, in the typical case, by local boards of directors.
Related disclosures should focus more on key performance indicators along with selected projection information and sensitivity analyses.
what kind of pet did you have as what kind of pets did you have as children
Who on earth but Poirot would have thought of a trial for murder as a restorer of conjugal happiness! 
yeah well you know the interesting thing about i don't know if you've been watching Massachusetts lately um
Degas, according to Daniel Halevy, carried his camera as proudly as a child carrying a rifle.
But in her own mind she was far from feeling the confidence displayed in her words.
The best resort beaches are on the Malabar coast at Kovalam, Goa, and, smaller but charming, Cochin.
For those whose budget or expertise won't stretch to the real thing, reproductions of these same articles are sold.
I don't know where Frisby got his material, but he wrote the story before the Thompson committee even existed.
You don't think the Prime Minister hesitated a minute "that it would be better to open it now? 
Did Simova never mention that the family was Jewish, when living with the Korbels or during subsequent sporadic communications?
Somehow, with the coming of the light, the dreads and fancies of the past night seemed absurd.
and and then uh then you hear about ones that are on early release going out and
They sit up against several other shacks that make up blocks of properties (or  yards ).
Be sure to see the exhibits of Iberian and Roman finds displayed in the excellent local museum.
They mind their business and will not make any trouble as long as they are left in peace.
You can take one of the numerous guided walking tours through the Old and New Towns.
LSC published a Program Review Guide to aid staff and consultants while conducting on site recipient reviews.
The thing that impresses fans with catchers is arm strength, says Orioles bench coach Andy Etchebarren.
Nearby is Esthwaite Water, a quiet lake that has a reputation for go od trout fishing.
I am not completely confident that racial stereotyping in movies has a significant effect on racial politics.
We selected six private sector companies and three state governments to serve as our case studies.
Simulations should not be viewed as forecasts of economic outcomes 50 or 75 years in the future.
oh uh-huh well i've seen the afghans in the in the stores that uh are designed for cross-stitch
If he was rescued from his grief, it was apparently time and work, not philosophy, that rescued him.
One helping is called a porci??n, a large serving is a raci??n, half as much a media-raci??n.
A police helicopter was tumbling through the sky, tracing a rapid path back down to earth.
In Three Kings , those debacles spring from the blind desires of nations--from the collective unconscious.
Louis XIV, the Sun King, was quite simply a megalomaniac, but he also had extraordinary vision.
Hanson fretted as he saw it sink into the shell, sure it would begin to melt the sky material.
implementation of these restrictions, legal services attorneys are not permitted to initiate or participate in class action lawsuits.
Some economists emphasize that the value of a statistical life is not a single number relevant for all situations.
The numeral II could indicate locations of average income and stop density that are relatively economical to deliver.
 "But Rennie does need men guards for the wagon trains, riders "Anse shrugged as he off-saddled.
Grassmarket has a memorial to the Covenanters (Scottish Protestant clergymen) martyred by Catholic Stuart kings in the 17th century.
As we have advised the Vice Presidentas representatives, the submission is incomplete and is not fully responsive.
Today's Wall Street Journal says that Merck's Propecia is effective in restoring hair in some people, a U.S.
This meant shelving the belief that a single, foolproof plan could be implemented once and for all.
The Pont-Neuf (neuf means new ) is in fact Paris's oldest standing bridge, completed by Henri IV in 1606.
It was when you discovered that the lock of the despatch-case in Mrs. Inglethorp's bedroom had been forced. 
It started out as one of those talks people have at the end of a summer day.
And clinics at the state's three law schools and other nonprofit legal organizations help 10,000 more people a year.
A chartered DC-9 at 35,000 feet; dozens of turkeys rescued from a poultry farm; says PETA activist Christie Brinkley.
Without experience of wooing ladyfolk, Ca'daan could only begin to understand the signals between Adrin and Vrenna.
In general, the ACI implementation timeline appears to be driven primarily by the engineering activities (i.e.
Steven Brill responds to a flood of anonymous e-mail generated by this piece in E-Mail to the Editors.
It houses some of the treasures of the monastery, given by wealthy benefactors throughout the last 1,500 years.
oh have you always had cats did yo u have them when you were a kid
By the early 1800s independence movements had overthrown Spanish rule in most of the Western Hemisphere.
Take a felucca ride on the Nile it's fun being out on the water for children and adults alike.
This structure incorporates fragments of medieval and Renaissance architecture and sculpture that make it a living museum.
absolutely they're expensive i don't know unless it labor intensive or something i really don't know
Flotillas can be organized for gregarious island-hopping or you can wend your own way at your own pace.
Their view of the final object of the search was somewhat obscured by the underbrush behind which they remained.
Our work resulted in substantial financial savings and significant improvements to government that will benefit all Americans.
Later he wrote an essay titled Consolatio, which probably dealt with this subject and which I have not read.
He might be baffled as to why the Kentuckian had not made a move to claim kinship with Hunt.
Still, there are some very pleasant walks around what are still referred to as the castle grounds.
right but that's the problem see as our system shouldn't be based on owing and borrowing and all that
Also, the fact that mail-order retailers run out of their most popular items shouldn't be much of a surprise.
and if they can't come up with something by the fifteenth then the state's supposed to decide the courts
It is a beautiful structure, retaining its porticoed verandas, 18th- century paintings, and Italian marble floors.
Is this simply the nature of status--the rich will always find a way to distinguish themselves from the poor?
More recently, a cohort of adult male veterans diagnosed with hypertension has been examined (Lipfert et al.
 Securities and Exchange  Rule 11AC1-4 (Limit Order Display Rule) and Amendments to Rule 11 AC1-1 (Quote Rule)
This is an excellent place to come and sit in the shade among the fragrant blooms.
, thoroughness, appropriate use of investigative techniques, impartiality, objectivity, protection of individual rights, and timeliness) is exercised.
where are you at well yeah i guess everybody's in Dallas that i talk to i'm in north Carolina
They both had felt that this could be the beginning of a long and fruitful international scientific collaboration.
9.2 million individual entitlements each year, and employs a staff of 22,000 in 1,000 service delivery locations across Australia.
yeah i've uh worked with a couple of people who have owned uh various years uh Mercedes and
Traditional audience participation in events such as beauty contests usually plays a part in the entertainment.
Kind of amazing those exams didn't eventually turn up in the private quarters at the White House.
When you've heard the president preposterously accused of murder so often, you just yawn when he's accused of rape.
The EPA has cited sections 202, 206, 208 and 301 of the Clean Air Act, as amended.
Some 8 km (5 miles) south of Melaka, you can take a boat at Umbai out to Pulau Besar.
Accordingly, NHTSA concluded that the only legally permissible alternative was to establish the model year 1998 standard at 20.
On the way, I could just about see them meeting up with a similarly sized band of Thomas Jeffersons.
The few dozen islands and rocks are widely scattered along the great curving chain of the Lesser Antilles.
The total percentage of Utah's school budget supplied from School Trust Lands is around 2 percent.
A British flotilla, diverted from the Caribbean, sailed up the Mississippi with some 10,000 first-class troops.
Further, indigenous Mexican farmworkers have maintained significant family and economic ties to their home villages in Mexico.
One participant emphasized that once the group lost trust in a member, trust could not be easily restored.
Just when you start thinking private school vouchers would curb such situations, the Globe throws you a curve.
right wow yeah my my wife made uh a whole lot of crafts last year for Christmas presents
The Biggest Liar in the World Competition is an amateur story-telling contest open to all comers.
Stewardship information will be necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and results of operations.
The metrics described here offer suggestions to be tailored for use as appropriate to particular projects.
Supreme Court will hear arguments about the constitutionality of the IOLTA program in the state of Washington.
One difference is that this time around, Democrats are less likely to get played for suckers.
uh-huh where were you from oh my goodness i didn't know they did it long distance
The H-2A Program was established by the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 (IRCA), Pub.
If key recovery is adopted, terrorists are likely to eschew it in favor of unbreakable technology.
More exotic exhibits include playful otters and a large sea-water tank housing sharks and sting rays.
But I respect women, I admire women, and if that's supposed to be bad, then I'm guilty.
His eyes opened to their fullest extent as he hurried forward to assist Tuppence to alight.
and so um some of the dips are like um chick peas mashed with um sesame
But for the federal investment, the overwhelming majority of cases reported by LSC grantees would not have been possible.
Some schools, certainly not all, credit a portion of tuition debt in return for public law service.
yeah now rock and roll seems tame compared to like the New Age and all that stuff
As the 18th century began, the British colony of Jamaica was putting the disaster at Port Royal behind it.
Linda Samels Ceballos entered Loyola Law School in Los Angeles knowing she wanted to represent the poor.
But when he found Don Cazar waiting for him at Kells', he guessed that this was serious.
For that out-of-this-world feeling and superior tropical mountain scenery, try first gear on the road to Fond Saint-Denis.
yeah absolutely i think the republic rats have uh driven this country downhill for too long
However, the Administrator must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year.
yeah well what did you think of um a couple years ago for the Bears the refrigerator
A piece suggests that Americans aren't seduced by Republican offers of a generous federal tax cut.
Leicester and sublime artistic expression in the drawings he did toward the end of his life--could be pretty morbid.
Today Edinburgh Zoo continues work on the conservation of animal species and acts as an educational resource.
Delivery of a Certified Mail piece is more costly to the Postal Service than handling a delivery confirmation piece.
In an effort to meet These demands, the federal government is adopting the principles of performancebased management.
But nothing much seemed to be known about the patients they were seldom seen outside the grounds.
The grounds are dominated by the bizarre and grandiose Peace Tower, which, curiously, was erected in 1940.
If you don't have transportation, Edinburgh Crystal operates a shuttle bus service to and from the center of Edinburgh.
Diesenhaus described his use of a slogan and abbreviation for a treatment strategy, Screening, Brief Intervention, and Referral-SBIR.
Polo is a Rajasthani specialty, but tournaments are also held in Delhi and Mumbai in the winter months.
On the other hand, some states have passed new laws that treat juvenile criminals as responsible adults.
Time 's cover package focuses on Clinton's failure to sell the war to the American public.
A 1923 pineapple plantation guesthouse for company executives, this country inn near the town square caters to outdoor enthusiasts.
right especially when they're in school i think they would get a lot out of it
yeah and that's that's funny you're in human resources and i'm in uh health and safety
Commissioned by Charles II, the paintings were all the work of one man, Dutch artist Jacob de Wit.
Throughout the 1990s, partly in preparation for the 2000 Millennium celebrations, facades were scrubbed and buildings generally refurbished.
Alpaugh residents may see their water fees triple to avoid losing service at the end of the month.
A flat-rate competitor would present an attractive proposition to Joe Avid and anybody else with heavier-than-average usage.
Grasmere village is one of the prettiest communities in the Lakes, but also one of the busiest.
As the sun set over the bulk of the Old One, Jon once again marveled at the titanic statue.
The station once served nearly a million passengers a day; now, it is L.A.'s new Metro Rail system hub.
I get along famously with both of them, and they get along famously with each other ...
You must leave your shoes, bags, and cameras on the shelves near the door as you enter.
But you may still like to use a few words of Malay as a courteous gesture to your hosts.
The gallery is set in the 18th-century Charlemont House, built for Lord Charlemont by Sir William Chambers.
The gardeners' evidence, as to the witnessing of the will was taken, and then Dorcas was called. 
The results of the study itself must be independently peer-reviewed no later than January 1, 2009.
Participants also cautioned that we need to move forward patiently toward a new comprehensive reporting model.
Tourism is a major factor in France's econ?­o?­my and every effort is made to enhance your visit.
Bayliss' tongue is hanging out a yard or more he's panting so hard to get back at you.
To make such a trip you will need either a Chinese visa or a special group-tour permit for Tibet.
The most celebrated is the sophisticated portrait of Paquius Proc?­ulus and his Wife, depicting an interracial marriage.
The accompanying It's your money slogan, while unconvincing to both voters and pundits, is fundamentally true.
On the Cabrit islet across the way you'll see a 19th-century fort named, inevitably, after the Empress Josephine.
In addition, for each principle, several key characteristics of organizations that successfully execute these principles are listed.
But as the war over Kosovo escalates, such analogies prove to be of limited and rapidly diminishing use.
If things go  Ted, I pleaded with the president to make sure we had an exit strategy.
Gerth means to suggest that Clinton was attempting to hide an out-and-out favor to a political crony.
Resolution Establishing A Task Force To Study and Report on Configuration of Service Areas, June 30, 2001.
what is what is two thirty five housing i'm not familiar with that term here in Rhode Island
Continue round the city seawalls to the northernmost corner and you will come to the entrance to the Cityel.
How'd that get there? He lifted the canvas, looked in, and said, with relief, "They're still there."
It is estimated that there are about 4,000 MWe of FGD capacity being constructed or just recently completed.
But if some places close abruptly, others open just as  Jerusalem is never completely at rest.
He once called the president a louse, and the phone didn't stop ringing for a week.
Northwest of the VT is the bustling Crawford Market (known in post-Independence as Mahatma Jyotiba Phule).
yeah well we got in a spot of trouble with uh using uh the credit cards on gas
Would it be as unbearably sad if he drank espresso or enjoyed a good bottle of wine?
Heading down leafy Paseo del Prado you'll find the first, and greatest, of the art museums here.
Since 1970, owner engineering downsizing has resulted in increased use of contractors to perform design and construction functions.
The court system is open to observers, with very few exceptions, and such an opportunity ought not be missed.
Look, too, for Cranach's Lucryce and Le Repos de Diane, and fine French works by Ingres, Courbet, and Bonnard.
Audit objectives can be thought of as questions about the program2 that auditors seek to answer.
The Pont-Neuf (neuf means new ) is in fact Paris's oldest standing bridge, completed by Henri IV in 1606.
The interim final rule was found to be an economically significant regulatory action by OMB under Executive Order
it is it's really beautiful the the lake is is outstanding it's a huge huge huge lake
it certainly would and they can separate it and then the you know trash guys will pick it up
10For example, the adverse effect minimum wage rate for New York H-2A workers in 1999 is$7.
The payment approval and authorization portions of the process can involve a multistep process with administrative approvals being first
yeah oh yeah great uh we're supposed to talk about the elderly now i guess uh
yes that's i'm a inside guard i also work in the segregation department for the ones that mess up
forty five dollars i mean people people get out of college and work for less than that
The wealth from the mines paid for many of the historical structures evident through the state.
Also, the figures exhibit the rapid change in unit delivery costs as either volume or density increase.
In automated systems, they are represented by what can be referred to generically as electronic signatures.
yeah so it's it's less than clear like i said i don't remember the article that well
Creating a competitive environment would involve, at a minimum, eliminating the Private Express Statutes4 and the mailbox rule.
Poverty law agencies, too, have recently registered fewer hours of service to clients who most needed legal help.
Announcement of the terms sent Galoob's stock plummeting, so that Lucasfilm's options are now out of the money.
If [the legal-aid organizations] have a direction and a plan and goals, you have something you can work towards.
Formed when a now extinct volcano erupted more than 400,000 years ago, the caves were carved by molten lava.
This year, Ice Miller organized with the Heartland Pro Bono Council to provide more free help.
For the reasons set forth below, we conclude that Congress has not authorized judicial review of these claims.
I asked her if she were feeling ill, and she answered frankly: "Yes, I've got the most beastly headache."
Lockheed Martin announced its purchase of Northrop Grumman, completing the defense industry's consolidation into two camps ( Lockheed vs.
And even his body must have been close to its limits, if it could be killed at all.
Th' Don has him a high-steppin' hoss every hoss thief in this here territory'd like to run off.
Still another distinguishing feature of case studies, according to some researchers, is a nonstatistical approach to data analysis.
We egg on Dennis Rodman, watching him parade like a peacock and break down in tears on national TV.
If you haven't already done so, check out our new design for Dispatches &amp; Dialogues and the Diary.
None of these contributors can afford to let up now, especially with the economy suffering both locally and nationally.
Jon, still looking through Adrin's eyes, saw a wicked sharp blade burst through the Kal's chest.
Next door, the National Museum of Modern Art is, despite its name, mainly devoted to 19th- and 20th-century ceramics.
it's not necessarily it it's not necessarily scary as it is suspenseful i mean it's not
The presence of the Perugina chocolate industry (creator of the Perugino bacio in 1922) is surprisingly low profile.
The actuarial present value of benefits allocated to the valuation year is called the normal cost.
It may be the recipient of few architectural accolades, but its rooms are comfortable and very well furnished.
The statement should be qualified in situations where the auditors did not follow an applicable standard.
In the 1970s and 1980s, the agency made increasing use of computers in its audit and administrative operations.
The economic valuation literature does not yet include good estimates of the value of this risk reduction commodity.
Just beyond the turning for Dockray is Gowbarrow Park, which rolls across the hillside above Ullswater.
There are also windsurfing (boardsailing) schools, and you can find boards to hire and conditions to suit everyone.
The revenue from forfeiture is nonexchange revenue, because the Government seizes the property through the exercise of its power.
They still maintain their own individual charms and are certainly an important element in Edinburgh's continuing appeal.
Err on the side of excess participation-it is costeffective protection against subsequent unexpected and expensive fixes and oversights.
Saving now is vital because expanding the nation's productive capacity through national saving and investment is a long-term process.
inside yeah um-hum uh yeah in the south south window in the bathroom i've got uh quite a few
Dean was an industrial village, its economy depending on numerous small mills that have now completely disappeared.
and not too much soy sauce uh some chopped up scallions um you know slivers of scallions
Most hikers start the climb before dawn because of the extreme heat here even in spring and autumn.
Blois Olson, a spokesman for Minneapolis-based Dominium, said the company didn't build the complexes but only acquired them.
strictly cash and they've been in business oh for at least forty years uh that's they
(Joint Chiefs of Staff, Department of Defense Dictionary of Military and Associated Terms, Joint Publication 1-02, Mar.
Others, he said, lost possessions to looters after the March 23 blaze, which left 78 people temporarily homeless.
Although it would be gratifying if mutual loathing of Disney brought about a Middle East peace.
all around these vacant buildings there's a lot of vacant buildings and they're just being demolished
They had fought with mass armies of infantry rather than relying on the old cavalry elite.
Indeed, Tripp pulls down more than all but a handful of the U.S. military's most senior officers.
3.1) was revised in November 1999, and is available on the Internet, GAO home page (www.gao.gov) under Other Publications.
They drive it around the country in a dilapidated ice-cream truck trying to keep it cool.
The growing competition in rail transport resulted in Union Pacific buying the Los Angeles Salt Lake line.
Fascinating pictures of the construction of both bridges can be found in the town museum on Queensferry's High Street.
The cover essay reflects on hate, describing it as a personal psychological reaction to idiosyncratic experience.
El Greco shows St. Augustine and St. Stephen, in splendid ecclesiastical garb, lifting the count's body.
But a deeper reason for investigating bequests is that they reveal something about people's instinctive sense of justice.
For example, a key target would be saving enough to afford the nation's costs for supporting the aging population.
It was Passaic's choice not to be part of the consolidation, says LSNJ President Melville D. Miller, Jr.
What was the Esthonia Glassware Co., and what earthly need could it have for her services? 
The River Liffey flows from west to east through the center of the city to Dublin Bay.
LSC is in the process of a one-year review of its prior reconfiguration decision in Michigan.
yeah yeah but um but he yeah to me he's just like the Yankees you just
It was dispatched to England by a special messenger selected for that purpose, a young fellow called Danvers.
It is rare to find opprobrium heaped on a cherished book or play or millennial fireworks display.
Benefits are not monetarily quantified because of the lack of any existing methodology to do so.
The village became famous for its cherries and chestnuts, and the popular liqueurs ginja and licor de castanha.
i took one semester off and and i've been taking a class at least one class every semester
14 The Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law held an oversight hearing on Legal Services Corporation September 29, 1999.
He also observed that patients who screen positive for one risk factor often have multiple risk factors.
and uh every every opportunity there is to make a dollar he seems to be exploiting that
In the 20th century, it has become the front lawn of the Left Bank's most luxurious residences.
Restoration work on the temple is, amazingly, carried out by the 14th generation of Deepa's direct descendants.
Speaking of  The third-place finisher, Forget Me Not , features an animated condom in a drawer.
Of the Italian paintings, Bellini's L'Ivresse de No?? (The Drunkenness of Noah) and Gior?­dano's Philosophe Cynique are outstanding.
What had happened, how this had sprung up out of nothing, the Kentuckian could not understand.
Yet many of today's progressives are economic nationalists, viewing unilateral tariffs as the policy tool of choice.
Finally, the variability (or elasticity) of time with respect to volume for the five quintiles differs 
The Konjikido (Golden Hall) is a fabulously opulent mausoleum that Kiyohira Fujiwara built for himself in 1124.
i think i know what you're talking is it like a hand held thing yeah okay
Facing little competition, these magnates possess fantastic wealth--mainly from monopolies on natural resources--and own major media outlets.
One of the great pleasures of a trip to Aswan is taking a felucca out onto the Nile.
The old, rusted cannons are all that remain of the fortifications that once protected the islanders from pirates.
Iemitsu, who was Ieyasu's grandson and the third Tokugawa shogun (1603 1651), undertook the building of Toshogu.
In the event, within one month three different flags flew over the Place d'Armes (now Jackson Square).
you know it's right there on which this is on a highway too but it's set back enough to
To enjoy the view over the valley, have a drink on the terrace of the Colombe d'Or restaurant.
uh i've got three kitty cats and they were suppose to be taking a nap and
At the very northern tip of the Sinai is Taba, with several large hotels, marking the Egyptian/Israeli border.
Chithirai Vishu (Hindu New Year) is a more religious affair than the Chinese, with worship and prayers.
The Musee Fabre (Boulevard Sarrail) has an outstanding art collection, including important paintings by Courbet, Delacroix, Veronese, and Zurbarin.
and he said tuna salad shouldn't taste garlicky  but everything always seemed to have a garlic flavor to it
To be sure, there is a certain joy in watching a pol caught in pandering gridlock.
The real cure for anti-Communist hysteria was a courage that Kazan, like most people, did not possess.
However, GAO will accept comments provided in hard copy, orally, or in an unsigned e-mail message.
I get along famously with both of them, and they get along famously with each other ...
I shall never forget when I was in hospital, and she came in in that ridiculous cap and apron! 
In the higher elevations of the Himalayas, among the people of Tibetan origin, Buddhism is the dominant religion.
The second was of the working classes, and his face was vaguely familiar to the young man.
 Since then, the development of Ibiza has continued, and the island's fortunes are now almost completely derived from tourism.
after they've been there that long they're so deep rooted with their the old boy network
Century Theatre offers a program of performances ranging from drama to Gilbert and Sullivan to English pantomime.
A smaller Church of the Burning Bush sits within the complex marking the spot where the bush stood.
For about 4000 years, the Archaics thrived in a culture that included many signs of early civilization.
And Kenzo, Lagerfeld, and Cerruti design in the international but inexorably Paris-based language of haute couture.
strictly cash and they've been in business oh for at least forty years uh that's they
But now a fresh dilemma arises: he dare not keep that piece of paper on him. 
Under the Paperwork Reduction Act, these disclosure requirements are to be submitted by HUD to OMB for approval.
If you enjoy poker, playing at mild pace, and playing against no house advantage, you'll love Pai Gow.
In the temple's treasure house you can see a statue of the crusty old warlord in all his armor.
They were half-way across when the Kal's horse turned its head, saw the gap, and lurched.
In recent years, as it sought to attract more families, Las Vegas has become a city of theme parks.
Paper presented at the National Conference on Evaluation in Alcohol, Drug Abuse, and Mental Health Programs, Washington, D.C., 1974.
DOD's environment encourages meeting schedule milestones instead of capturing design and manufacturing knowledge to make decisions.
It would seem that all Tubacca was turning out to welcome the wagon train of traders from the south.
EPA has made preliminary estimates of the retrofits of each technology that would result from the Clear Skies Act.
From there the road leads directly toward the range of low hills that hide the tombs.
But MALS faces a funding crunch next year, brought on by a $200,000 shortfall from three revenue sources.
Comptroller General Bowsher also made major contributions to GAO and to the improvement of financial management and government operations.
At eight o'clock the familiar sound of the key turning made him spring to his feet.
For many, the image of Greek music and dance is inexorably linked to the film Zorba the Greek. 
A tour of the beautiful Parc Ornithologique de Mar?­quen?­terre at St.-Quentin-en-Tourmont will take a couple of hours.
I look forward to working with them on these important issues of mutual interest and concern in the future.
Not the least of the attractions are the artist's letters, photo albums, bullfight tickets, and holiday postcards.
GAO reports have been used with good results, however, in cumulative case studies published by others outside GAO.
Later in the piece, Brill writes that Schmidt and another reporter declined all comment on their sources.
GAO's modified protocols for investigations are described in detail in the Office of Special Investigations section of this document.
At Wynette's funeral last year, Richey virtually had to be kept from jumping in her grave after her.
And, it is a dangerous one to ignore, either as an individual or as a business person.
Me Grande Arche de La Defense, then bus 258, or RER to rueil-Malmaison, and then walk.
I watched her as she mounted me and began to move like waves of sand on the wind.
In fact, in 1930, after 37 years of service, the train exploded, killing a number of people.
sometimes it does uh sometimes it'll get in the eighties uh as early as uh January February
The British provided two mayors and left their mark with horseracing, fox hunting, and the country's first golf club.
Court Merrigan from TeleRead wrote: 'You not likely come across anything quite like Password Incorrect any time soon.
Based on these considerations, adequate urea supply is expected to be available for the SCR systems.
The Musee d'Art Moderne (Palais Episcopal, Place Saint-Pierre) includes a collection of paintings from 1850 to 1950.
If Miss Howard were capable of poisoning the old lady, she would be quite equally capable of simulating devotion. 
Name's Barg." He stood up to take a careful look at the net of cording around the stone.
His feelings were so illogical he could have laughed at them, only he had no laughter left.
As usual, Washington Week doesn't get around to the week's real thing (Flytrap) until the closer.
Between the river and Dame Street, is the Temple Bar area, which has become famous for its nightlife andstreetlife.
For more than a century, the most exhilarating way up Victoria Peak has been by funicular.
This analysis was transmitted to the SBA Chief Counsel for Advocacy, as required by subsection 603(a).
I'll write out a list of the things I want to know when I've had time to think.
yeah i can mow the backyard but there's something about the grass in our front yard is so dense
Internal control should generally be designed to assure that ongoing monitoring occurs in the course of normal operations.
oh yeah sure and in addition to that we have the cost because you have to pay something
The form and content of audit documentation should be designed to meet the circumstances of the particular audit.
They must then measure their performance against the goals they have set and report publicly on how
That is, reliability of the findings is developed through the multiple data sources within each type.
Arguably the best and perhaps the most historic hotel in town, with parts dating from the 17th century.
For the past five years she has worked for Greater Boston Legal Services, based in Boston.
how about you do you work or do you get to stay home with them wonderful
A more extensive evaluation, including an assessment of effects on long-term earnings, is currently planned for completion in 1999.
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant.
If the wound to Eappen's skull was new, asked Scheck, why had scar tissue formed around it?
 "Let's hope ... no more wars."Drew set the three books in a pile and regarded them attentively.
The armored man howled in his helm as the hand enclosed, twisting metal and crushing bone.
EPA submitted the requirements to OMB which approved them as an extension of the currently approved information requirements.
But, says Kull, One would not expect a real bounce until you see some signs of success.
all right last thing i saw was um i think uh Sleeping With the Enemy with Julia Roberts
The elegant Renaissance style lends an unaccustomed sophistication to the nightmarish superstitions of medieval Brittany incorporated in the sculpture.
But you seem to have answered all our questions honestly and without flaw, and you certainly look the part.'
The side of the train was getting smoother and smoother- soon there'd be no place left to hold on.
The betting now is that a counsel will be named, and will hound Gore for years.
This being an informal palace, the Ballroom is barely large enough to accommodate 200 noble dancers.
Milan's most prestigious retail thoroughfare is Via Monte Napoleone, an august parade of Neoclassical palazzi and luxury shops.
  Property owned by the Federal Government and meeting the definition of one of the following three 
John McCain stipulated that it is the media and the American people who decide what questions should be asked.
A horse sitter mistakenly thought Mr. Ed was having a seizure and gave him a tranquilizer.
Until two years ago, it was ritual among Supreme Court-watchers to speculate that this term would be Rehnquist's last.
And no sooner had I begun to enjoy my Slateness than glorious erotic opportunity went a-glimmering.
The race was notable for the last several laps, in which Earnhardt rode Gordon's bumper at 190 mph.
Most beaches protected from the open ocean have rowboats, canoes, or pedalos for rent by the hour.
At the height of the season it can be choked with traffic and there are few passing places.
The impact of this seasonal influx of tourists (mainly German, British, and French) has been dramatic.
Lovers of Neapolitan folk music can enjoy a whole week of it in early September at the Piedigrotta festival.
However, we are on completely opposite ends of the political  She's a liberal Democrat and I'm a conservative Republican.
Ceteris paribus, less efficient postal services do not have greater scale economies than more efficient ones.
No one argues anymore over whether Gates is really a techie or worries about Jeff Bezos' literary taste.
The Irish monasteries during this time were the major preservers of learning and literacy in the so-called  Dark Ages.  
They emphasized that demonstrating reliability before production minimized the potential for costly design changes once the product is fielded.
FBI documents show that the use of incendiary tear gas at Waco was disclosed in 1995.
The historical data covers the period 1970 through 2000 while the projected trends are through the year 2015.
One sees you once a month and tells you to do better for your own good.
Not until that supremely attractive female butt crossed my radar in Nordstrom did I start to feel better.
The man slammed his warhammer, missing Thorn by a hair but kicked, connecting with Thorn's stomach.
There are also bus tours around the city to help you get your bearings before you visit special attractions.
Inside are splendid mosaics, but most visitors are transfixed by the external views over the descending steps and gardens.
If Tulare County Water Works wants to keep its 170 hookups flowing, Martin said, it must also raise rates.
But I caught her handing me out a look of deep curiosity as she passed through the door.
uh we just about had to get it because the reception in our particular locality was so poor
This would make their E. coli-bearing digestive system less likely to rupture, thus making contamination less likely.
They also introduced sugarcane, some European vegetables, and the pig to the islands, but never founded any significant settlements.
Eventually, gardens, children's playgrounds, and the maze-like, partly below-ground shopping mall, Forum des Halles, transformed the site.
and i have to develop uh functional specs and desk and desk top publishing and everything so it's
After a few muttered imprecations he handed the Bradshaw to Tommy as being more conversant with its mysteries.
The little identifying cards psychologist Gordon sets beside each item display an impressive mastery of the manipulative arts.
The response has led me to believe its going to be much higher than that, Wagonheim said. 
You can imagine that, from my aunts' point of view, it was a very good match for me. 
make sure that they didn't have to do it again  make hot dogs or some potato chips or
Appointment and confirmation is a political process, and like any political process it will always be messy.
Brightly decorated by their peers, they depict the incumbent in life, at work, or laboring in the fields.
Adrin was prepared to shoot but doing so against the enemy on foot wasted the advantage.
Kitano, the old foreign merchants' residential district, preserves some of the 19th-century European-style houses that survived World War II.
In the 17th century its ruins were used as a quarry for the building of the Blue Mosque .
He sees Mixtecs playing basketball, shopping in Woodburn grocery stores and speaking his language on public telephones.
yeah i was going to say you have to pay something like three and four times more
Portugal's resulting near-monopoly of East West trade understandably awakened the competitive instincts of other European powers.
This tiny, wood-panelled room is covered all over with lacquered paintings of flowers and fruit in rococo style.
A Trappist monastery, situated on a hillside overlooking the east coast of Lantau, is also open to visitors.
In your advice column you recently offered this particular bit of advice: Prudie finds the appellation 'Ms.
problems agencies face in locating hard copy receiving reports and manually reconciling receipt data to invoice amounts.
Implementing a combination of centralized and decentralized information management enables leading organizations to effectively support their business operations.
The concept of postal density conveniently expresses the cost consequences of both multi-address buildings and multi-address kiosks.
and uh that that's really nice to look at uh the summers are hot pardon me
The service declared it was necessary for the safety of the White House and the president.
But there are several pharmacological and social differences that reduce the relevance of rat research to social policy.
Since route time is essentially fixed,20 it would double with two firms providing service, each with half the volume.
Brewer commented that having a paper published is different from having an impact on clinical practice.
I should think any offer we get in answer to that would be a pretty UNreasonable one!
To the left is the Five-Story Pagoda, and across the courtyard is the main hall of Sensoji.
He told of his doomed village, the red armored demons who ate the flesh of the old men.
Scores alone cannot be the sole basis for making decisions about college admissions, hiring decisions, or presidential elections.
Pedicabs were once the most common form of transportation in Macau, but today they are mainly a tourist attraction.
But you seem to have answered all our questions honestly and without flaw, and you certainly look the part.'
A glowing review of the new Austin Powers movie notes the campy merchandising that accompanies it.
Kay, honey, what did you learn to do in your first 46 years on the planet?
The recent union with England was the inspiration for street names such as Rose and Thistle. 
Utah Nonprofit Housing President Marion Willey returned from an out-of-town trip and learned HUD procedures were not followed.
Some of them recognized The Moodies and responded with I'm Just a Singer in a Rock and Roll Band
The total percentage of Utah's school budget supplied from School Trust Lands is around 2 percent.
Most impressive is the Kerlescan alignment, 594 menhirs that form what local legend calls a frozen army.
Kissinger offers them a stiff foreign policy framework, a set of principles sharply contrasted to Clinton's ad hocism.
Right now, I'd settle for a creative genius who could teach us how to think about the population problem.
But by now the statistics have been gone over by professionals, who have come up with different results.
it's hard to imagine well what do you think about what's going on on LA Law this year it's
You'll be nothing but another among millions, and that's probably the best hiding place for you.
Plotz thinks the Dalai Lama is merely cashing in on the West's romance with Eastern spirituality.
One of the largest fortifications in the Aegean, the interior Venetian walls were later expanded by the Ottomans.
The Range was the big holding, and to ride there meant security and an established position in the community.
Does the study state clearly whether identification ofthese factors was based on insight and recognition or on quantitative techniques?
Nowhere is that more clear than in the periodic appearance of what I call the Left-Behind White.
Close by is Osaka's most famous temple, Shitennoji, founded in 593 by the revered reforming lawgiver, Prince Shotoku.
Deir Abu Maker is the most important, having provided several leaders for the Coptic church; nearby is Deir Anba-Baramos.
We did not object to implementing sampling so long as the plan included these four items.
They buried us alive in there, said Stark, pointing to the flank of the Old One.
The champions strut into the arena in richly embroidered silk  aprons  covering the solid band protecting their midriffs.
Ca'daan saw the man's shadow in the red moonlight surveying the other sleeping members of the camp.
but um my own environment is open totally there are no cubicles there's nothing to block anything
uh so fortunately i don't know what the cholesterol level is but at least it hasn't clogged up yet
The Ayuntamiento houses a small picture gallery and a chapel with tiles from Manises, an important Valencian ceramics centre.
Moral indignation over the incident was almost overshadowed by disbelief that nobody had noticed her condition.
Although a lightning bolt toppled the tower of the church of Lampaul-Guimiliau in 1809, the church's interior remains impressive.
As capital of Europe's fastest growing economy today, this new, self-assured Dublin is now very much a European city.
Hoiles is a big slab of a man, now 33, a veteran but not a star.
On the left you will find a bronze statue of David Hume, depicted in calm, thoughtful pose.
Reliefs depict Ptolemaic Pharaohs worshipping Horus, and the interior carvings of their food offerings are especially impressive.
She's a real nice girl, and some fellow will fall in love with her right away.
I took the subway in the direction of home, spent the ride chatting to a couple of prostitutes.
uh fellow i mean he's playing a military part he's the husband of the girl on Designing Women
to doctors but they have since dropped that i guess it got to be you know not cost effective
To recognize and reinforce results-oriented management, VA instituted in 1992 a formal recognition program for quality achievement.
The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by paragraphs 603(b)(1) through (3).
Based on our preliminary review, some of These elements have been addressed in the national strategy.
A number of steamboats dating from the Victorian age until the 1920's are on display, all lovingly restored.
Still, it is unimportant, and need not be taken into account. A groan burst from Poirot. 
If the audience could have half as much fun as Pearl is having, Payback would be a kick.
Exquisitely detailed dolls in ancient costumes representing the imperial couple and other aristocrats are displayed for good luck.
Why come here? The torrent has started already and many other southern villages surely draw the interest of bandits.
Repairing computers didn't pay a fortune, but it was a good living, and he was good at it.
Now can there be no conjunction ever!"  He tautened and his body rose slowly from the ground.
My only thought was to get out in the corridor as quick as ever I could.
Allow at least two hours for the visit a comprehensive tour will take three or four.
Computer-processed data include data (1) entered into a computer system and (2) resulting from computer processing.
GAO will, under these circumstances, issue a product as if it were undertaken on its own authority.
okay Art you say you own a TI or you own a uh an IBM compatible
taxpayer return information, protected banking information, grand jury information, and credit card accounts listed in travel vouchers.
telephone systems to businesses and the potential there is fantastic the reality of it is it's tough
But I am instinctively skeptical that many customers are as fanatically loyal as my colleague's wife.
On the upper floors (once the royal chambers) there is an exhibition telling the story of the royal regalia.
yeah yeah see i'm single now and and see i may be going back and getting a PhD
Respiratory Health and PM10  a Daily Time Series Analysis American Review of Respiratory Diseases 144: 668-674.
'So instead we decided to transfer my consciousness into this body and use it as a puppet.
One of the trendiest and most delightful places in town, serving excellent, innovative Israeli and international nouvelle cuisine.
It was a simple and effective method of getting her out of the way for the time being.
Sunset Plaza (8600-8700 Sunset Boulevard at Sunset Plaza Drive) has been an elite shopping area since 1934.
oh i i i do but i'm not going to be at the end of this month  so
Just outside, glance over the cannon parapet for a view of the remains of devastated beachside buildings.
 The stakes for many of the games are low, so you can try your hand without risking too much.
Maybe you'll never come to love me, and if that's the case I'll manage to set you free.
Hillary could have known in detail, known in general, not wanted to know, or truly had no idea.
cleaner ways of burning coal and people in the south would say don't burn coal you know
Ancient and ill-maintained, it starts off shiny and gets rapidly creakier as it approaches the border.
I'll write out a list of the things I want to know when I've had time to think.
From 1983 to 1985, she was a civil committee board member of National Legal Aid and Defender Association.
Soon the moisture would ride high into the mountains and slice down again in shards of ice like razors.
The collective knowledge comes together and saves them time that they can spend on their cases.
Last fall Salon published the important fact that Henry Hyde had an adulterous affair 30 years ago.
The modern town of Luxor is one of two towns forming tourist bases on the Nile Valley.
These individuals were primarily computer users, who might be employees; contractors; clients; or commercial partners, such as suppliers.
The Internet facilitates the sort of communications and activism that the Fords and Carnegies prayed PBS would spark.
In fact, quite a number of the agencies proposed to be transferred to DHS have multiple functions.
Look for the plaque dedicated to William Myers, who, it says, died on 30 February 1762.
air tight yeah so that even that doesn't doesn't create a problem but i think uh
I suddenly realized what I'd actually done--I'd been set up and paid to have sex with Frank.
Drink plenty of liquids in the heat, dehydration is more of a risk than an upset stomach.
The quenching area is typically a highly corrosive environment and the reagent slurries are highly abrasive.
This assumes 35 years of life lost is the base value associated with the mean VSL value of $3.
Yes, that's it, and ” I waited to hear no more, but tore up the village to find Poirot. 
Elderly households are individuals and married couples with at least one member aged 65 and older.
They felt the additional filing fee would not prevent people from being able to file lawsuits, Crocker said.
It hardly seemed that there could be enough stone in the whole world to finish the job.
(3) How does national saving affect the economy and how would higher saving affect the longterm outlook?
5We reported on this issue in The Accounting  Major  Progress and Concerns (GAO/AIMD-96-98, Washington, D.C.: Sept. 24, 1996).
He thought that he could visit, and for quite a long while, but somewhere totally different.
really it does uh for all that well um i hope you have a nice day today
The newest addition to the castle precinct is the Chester Beatty Library, which moved here from Ballsbridge .
could be i  i haven't been to South Dakota have have you been up to that
i don't know had a had a lot of hidden meanings in it i suppose but uh you know
As Lord of beasts and king of dance, Shiva is as passionate as Vishnu is serene.
Encounters among individuals are generally positive, supportive, and rewarding, but those among groups are ordinarily unpleasant and confrontational.
He had finished with Shiloh and was on his way to the bunkhouse when Hunt Rennie hailed him.
For about 4000 years, the Archaics thrived in a culture that included many signs of early civilization.
uh is that the crime and it's already  false due to some chart and determine the punishment or
 The whip hit him again, and the raging voice of the overseer ranted in his ears.
It's pretty flat, we know that, and it's all in black and white, as opposed to Oz.
Jon had seen the best musketeers fall and cowards survive duels with masters lying in the dirt.
The winner, announced in 1766, was James Craig, an unknown 23-year-old architect and native of the city.
This partnering took place at the senior executive level and contributed to the success of the federal Y2K effort.
But it was settled by the principal Labour leaders, and we cannot seem to interfere too much.
Hastily Drew expressed his satisfaction at the news and added: "This is my cousin from Texas, Hamilcar.
The provision, in his view, was permissible because it merely defined the scope of services to be funded.
But go around the back of the Taj, too, to the terrace which overlooks the Yamuna river.
Back then we had no guns in high schools, no drive-by shootings, no graffiti on the walls, etc.
Away from the beaches there's no end to the amusements, from bowling alleys to water slides.
At ten o'clock hope deserted him, and he flung himself on the bed to seek consolation in sleep.
Regarding funding, many actions that proved successful to the organizations in our study involved computer-assisted analyses of data.
Part of the problem is that Italian makes everything sound like a sex  Menaggio, Dongo, Lemna, Cadenabbia, Faggeto, Bellagio.
The Eyep Sultan Camii (mosque) marks the burial place of Eyep Ensari, the standard-bearer of the Prophet Mohammed.
From the standpoint of human history, race is not the distinctive American condition--freedom and prosperity are.
Critics scoff at high-tech guru Esther Dyson's claims that the Internet will expand democracy, build communities, and liberate workers.
Frankly, I think the Jamaican Tourist Board should go back to that old 'Come Back to Jamaica' slogan.
OMB also informed us that generally Regulation X matters had been designated major rules under Executive Order 12291.
Beckett and Joyce, among others, had to leave their homeland to understand it  and to be understood.
A day, when nothing works, and when life kicks you in the ass harder than your friends at work.
After tea, I want to talk to you. Her glance at Mary had set me thinking. 
A Nexis search turns up 368 hits for the two in the first month after the scandal broke.
Its is becoming difficult to do R and D work, like Y2K, as I mentioned earlier.
Regardless of when you go, it's not wise to descend on either island without reservations intact.
Your only mistake was totally writing off the mystical power of 9-year-old boomers in the '50s.
At the same time, the massive growth in air and road transport saw shipping decline in importance.
He made his capital at Memphis in Lower Egypt (near present-day Cairo) and the first Dynasty was founded.
There is no pretense that this is about tourism or about a nice night out or this is entertainment.
In the apse there's a moving mosaic of the Madonna above a frieze of the 12 Apostles.
uh but other than that i just didn't have time to go to the movies you know
Shows last up to four hours, but you can buy cheaper balcony tickets for just part of the program.
The challenge for the community for lawyers to have outreach in ways that are effective and reach those clients.
When they arrived there, they met some neighbors from home who told them about a sign saying NO CANADIANS.
yeah yeah and uh it just seems like it should only be done in cold weather
It is the inevitable turbulence and messiness of introducing choice and competition to a major social program.
Passing through the final rooms of the show, one feels the pressure of an argument beginning to emerge.
They reach out to help people who frequently have nowhere else to turn for legal assistance on tax matters.
I'll tell you what I don't understand--why Professor Shoshanna Sofaer of Baruch College sounds so cranky.
This Victorian museum, opened in 1857, holds a comprehensive collection of Ireland's and the world's zoology.
After years of addiction and attempts at recovery, the nearly 16-year-old California band has entered dinosaur land.
Used well, intake systems offer the promise of increasing assistance to many who are not currently served.
Clinton budget director Franklin Raines resigned to become chairman of Fannie Mae, the giant, government-chartered home mortgage lender.
Their extensive military campaigns were later chronicled by Homer in his epic poems The Odyssey and The Iliad.
We then produce a trend line through the data points and compare it with the model results.
And with that weapon in their possession they let themselves be handled and caged? I don't understand it.  
uh let's see there was a couple of others that are out and i can't remember
The nuns in the convent here preserve their seclusion; visitors must have special permission to enter.
The town's name, which means wild river or ravine, seems hyperbolic for such an orderly and peaceful little community.
Then I told him that it was worth just about fifty thousand dollars to me if he'd get out."
For older children, the range of water sports found in the popular resorts offers an exciting challenge.
Your excursion steamer will feel like a child's toy as it passes the gigantic supertankers of the Mitsubishi Shipyard.
A related article reveals that 18 percent of Americans expect the world to end during their lifetime.
Pooh has now sold more than 20 million books, most of them in the United States.
i think so yeah yeah but you know  alcohol destroys you know so many families so now
In the interim, the consolidated financial reports should include such summary or selected information as is feasible.
The Moors on Menorca speedily agreed to pay an annual tribute to Arag??n and were left in peace.
From June onward, ukai celebrates the ancient use of cormorant birds to catch aiyu, a popular river fish.
yeah and the yeah there's just everyday you hear on the news of another one like that um
you know if you keep that same format there's only so long that you can be outrageous so
yeah their coach may not be there i think Jerry Tarkenyon may be headed for the pros
His serious business included organizing the first system of man-made levees to protect the city from the Mississippi.
Clift suggests that he wanted to install a successor with all the charisma of a tree stump.
Homeland  Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( GAO- 02-927T, July 9, 2002)
It's down--or most of it."  "But--" She hesitated and then let herself come a trifle closer.
But all this talk about global overcapacity suggests that automakers see themselves as all making the very same thing.
They're scouting out new food fads, scarfing them down, and then rooting about for the next one.
The sixth-century Basilica of St. John, on Ayasuluk Hill, marks the site of the Apostle's tomb.
i think i did vote for her as a matter of fact i'm pretty sure i did
For guidance relating to deferred maintenance reporting, see the Deferred Maintenance standard in Accounting for Property, Plant, and Equipment
Borderline reviews--competent but utterly unexciting (Natalie Nichols, the Los Angeles Times )--for the band's first album in five years.
Shopping hours in Ibiza last from around 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. and from 4:00 to 8:00 p.m.
Nowhere is that more clear than in the periodic appearance of what I call the Left-Behind White.
Stone Age settlers developed from hunters to farmers, growing barley and wheat crops that originated in Mesopotamia.
no more now!" We followed John into his study, and he closed the door behind us. 
AMS received more than 275,000 comments on the rule, which were assigned key words to facilitate subsequent analysis.
The system of taboo (kapu) gave society its laws and the people a complex moral code.
In practical terms, maintenance usually lasts only five to seven years, and rarely longer than the marriage did.
The museum authorities have made heroic efforts to help you find your way through the labyrinth.
If the restriction on speech and legal advice were to stand, the result would be two tiers of cases.
yeah  tell me about it tell me  my lucky husband's putting two of us through isn't he lucky
Several centres provide all equipment, a dive boat, expert local knowledge, and sometimes tuition as well.
His color was high under a pink skin which in this hot country must burn painfully.
The original temple built in 1164 survived only 100 years, and today's reconstruction dates from the 13th century.
Your particular law, or two, address problems fully worthy of a national fuss and Rose Garden signing ceremony.
Lienard de l'Olive and Jean Duplessis d'Ossonville put ashore at Pointe-Allegre in northern Guadeloupe on 28 June 1635.
As she opened the door and stood aside to let him pass out, he stopped in the doorway.
The initiative is his response to a pattern he noticed during his 25 years as a family court judge.
don't affect ninety nine percent of the people who are right there when the news is being made
That's $36,000 to $50,000 a year--roughly half of what Tripp is being paid not to do it.
However, the emergency department is the entry point for medical care for a broad spectrum of problem drinkers.
For reasons of security, he settled a few miles inland from what is now San Juan.
However, none of the EPA rules that we could access through the agency's web site had this feature.
At one time it was a very miserable valley, a swampland conducive only to breeding malarial mosquitoes.
Parisians themselves often use the Batobus (river bus) for traveling east or west and avoiding traffic snarls.
The old conventional  Sibelius was a vulgar nationalist (a la Wagner) and a windy Romantic bore.
It was to Mr. Inglethorp." Every eye turned simultaneously to where Alfred Inglethorp was sitting, impassive and wooden. 
Ten years ago, I fell of a bike and permanently scarred my right leg, shin to thigh.
These inside-the-Beltway issues and their small, but vocal, constituencies make this election Bill Clinton's to lose.
CIT (Compagnia Italiana di Turismo) is a national travel agency for transportation, excursions, and hotel bookings.
Some applications of the case study to evaluation purposes have been tried fairly extensively-for example, program implementation case studies.
i uh last weekend went home to visit my parents my dad's in the hospital and uh
Well, PFC Menaker is here to tell you, God help me, I do love it so.
Therefore, the Board has proposed that a new category, RSSI, be designated to cover stewardship reporting.
uh-huh true i'll bet that was the case of the the war in the Middle East
almost the entire amount that i paid her on my daughter either making her clothes or buying her things
From Grassmarket, a road runs parallel to the Royal Mile to Holyrood on a lower level.
Even if you're not arriving in the city by train, start your visit at Howrah Station.
That was before we killed their king and broke their spirit in the wars twelve years ago.
The entrance is through a tiny sixth-century doorway, so low you have to bend almost double.
We will continue to consider it, says Jack Ludwig, vice president and research director at Gallup.
The AIDS vaccines I'm speaking of are designed to prevent an infection and thereby stem an epidemic.
In the affidavits, Cole lists several components he associates with Internet Explorer, including Wininet.dll, Urlmon.dll, and Mshtml.dll.
Mrs. Vandemeyer was expecting a guest to dinner, and Tuppence accordingly laid the beautifully polished table for two.
Well, perhaps he would find he did have a wrangler who could deliver the goods into the bargain.
The Autun tympanum's rich carving of Jesus presiding at the Last Judg?­ment is full of vitality.
Both carry an excellent selection of literature, general books, books on Ireland, and the works of Irish writers.
Goodbye, sir." Back at the Ritz, Tommy packed up his few belongings mechanically, his thoughts far away.
I suppose you are quite sure that the latch-key was forgotten, that he did not take it after all?
you know two hours for a movie especially you know things that are i hate things that are continued
The moment I could be sure I was in ear-shot, I yelled out; 'Hey there! Hello! Hey there!'
Contrary to previous reports, there is no necrophilia in the film, but there is an orgy.
Plans to house parliament here after Independence came to nothing; Leinster House (in Kildare Street) was chosen instead.
i'm trying i don't know if it's my phone this is bad it's not getting any better
The Royal Academy of Porn, sneers the Daily Mail . American critics dismiss the controversy as old hat.
It's generally windy here, and there are eight water holes (including two on the Fort-de-France bay).
This being an informal palace, the Ballroom is barely large enough to accommodate 200 noble dancers.
Subsequent British advisers served on a consultative State council alongside the Malay ruler, chiefs, and Chinese kapitans.
In a February 1997 series of reports to the Congress, GAO designated information security as a governmentwide high-risk area.
The main attraction is the concert given by the Janissary Band (Mehter Takeme) at 3:00 p.m.
The capital, Chora Town, is a classic example of a settlement built out of sight of pirate forces.
The pagoda-like structure, built in 1885, is 251.2 m (84 ft) tall and was once used for water storage.
Jon chose against his own three-corner hat, instead keeping his hood up against the red sun.
The election will have to be rerun, but Carey may have the advantage because he triumphed in the strike.
no i well most of it is not all that exciting in that it is terribly repetitious
how'd they do that oh let me guess what they did they had classes on the SAT
I remember the epigraph of James T. Farrell's book Studs Lonigan , which I read more than 60 years 
Financial  Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act (GAO/T-AIMD-96-1, November 14, 1995)
Smoking will offer a reliable indoor pleasure that I can enjoy seated, much to be desired in my decrepitude.
The revised analysis evaluates three alternatives to the initially proposed rule and assesses the burdens and impacts of each.
Once auction invoked the incomprehensible high-speed chatter of a tobacco dealer, building to the giddy crescendo, Sold American!
to do yeah and it's it's great while they're really little but as they get older
oh oh gosh that's not music  that is not i don't know what that is but that's not music
Many guides point out a green healthy plant in the courtyard as a regeneration of the original.
There is also an excellent selection of handicrafts available at excellent prices in towns and resorts frequented by tourists.
